Build Netflix Clone using React JS

TMDB : themoviesdatabase

webpages : tmdb, postman, firebase, videoCheckpoint: 2.19.10

Steps too build the app


1. Get the TMDB API key - 
	So, to get the information all about the movies we will be using an API called TMDB. To access that API we would be needing 
	an API key. So first we will get that API key. We will make a request to this API service and in response they will give us back a
	bunch of data related to movies/series. It provides us with a very coll feature called genre-categorizing wherein you can get
	the movies of a specific genre.	We just pull all that information and throw it in the front-end. 

	API Key : 28e7009b302a72ec99ed5043e64a04ec
	API Request : https://api.themoviedb.org/3/movie/550?api_key=28e7009b302a72ec99ed5043e64a04ec

	Using Postman we can send a request to any sort of API or server. In response the API or server will send some details back which
	we will be using in developing our app. In our case it returns back data related to movies and genres in form of JSON.

2. create-react-app
	command on VS Code terminal - 'create-react-app netflix-clone'.

3. Setup Firebase Hosting
	Firebase is suite of tools by Google. It allows you do a bunch of things like hosting a website, have a database, authentication
	Firebase is used for backend and for our purpose we will be using firebase for deployment of the website.

4. Get all the movies and build the rows
	We have to use a third party app to handle sending the request from our code. Axios is the third party app. To install it just use th command 'npm i axios' in VS
	terminal. We will be making the request using axios in our code. Using axios we will create requests to hit the API and fetch us all the information.

	useEffect() is used run a piece of code when the component in which it is defined loads 
	Ex. When the Row component loads I want to make a request to TMDB service and get back the entire info about movies and stuff and just use the image out of 
	the receieved info 

Note - The optional chaining (?.) is a safe way to access nested object properties, even if an intermediate property doesn't exist. In simple words, if you use (?.) instead of (.)
 to access an object and that object is undefined or does not exist then rather than throwing an error, the app will anyhow access the undefined object preventing the overall
app to get crashed.

What makes a good front-end developer is very subtle things

5. Build the Banner
	Refer code for explanation Banner.js and Banner.css

6. Build the Navbar
	Refer code for explanation Nav.js and Nav.css
7. Add Trailer PopUps
	To get trailer popups to work we use 2 packges in React - 1. React Youtube (npm install react-youtube) 2. Movie Trailer(npm install movie-trailer)
	Refer code for explanation Row.js
8. Deploy to firebase
	https://netflix-clone-ff76e.web.app 
	Check this out!!!!!!